 Okay, career and background. How did you first get involved in software and biotech? I was sort of born a computer programmer. I was obsessed with them since I could read about about five or six years old. And also with mental health, I was, I just find both fascinating and moving. But the time I was 11 years old, I was reading everything I could on both technologies. And I had a mentor, Alan Johnson, who he and I built a four-bit computer. Nice. When was that? What age was that? That was when I was 11 years old. Yeah, okay. And we, he also got me very interested in complex systems and nonlinear and stationary noise signals and how the noise is in random and how it was sort of an infinite amount of information that can be discovered in now as well. And so when I learned about G, so we had an understanding of how crude the tools, the math tools are, where we were just using FFT transforms to try to break those signals down. They were how much information we were losing. So that's how I got interested in computers, the brain, the mind. So from the very start, you were interested, you were fascinated by both the human mind and technology. Yes. Yeah. And then that led into you creating your own company, which kind of merged the two. How would you say you started up that? Was that more of a passion project or was that something that you knew you wanted to do as work? I had read some research papers on my field in about 1990. And I just threw them in the trash. I was working on the in reservation at the time with Native Americans with severe alcoholism were affected by the Vietnam era. And these three papers I read were with that exact same population. And they were claiming an 80% success rate with them. And so I thought, oh, that's the type of follow up when you send out all your questionnaires to people and you just do your statistics on those who put down their alcohol bottles, why don't they have to fill out the paper? You get an 80% success rate. And so I just thought that's what it must have been. But then shortly thereafter, a program opened up that was available. That was operating service. I had nothing to lose because everyone was dying that I was referring to other treatment programs in the state of Minnesota. And the first person who I sent to it ended up doing very, very well. And I thought, I'll see how good this shit does. And I sent them to people who had severe antisocial personality disorders. It's called sociopath. Not that. Not that actually. This is just the I've ever seen one flew over the Cougars. Yes. You know how the lead character, Jack Nicholson kind of was getting on the case. Yeah. That's kind of more of what an antisocial person in this order is. Okay. Okay. I sent them to the program and quite by a miracle, they ended up doing miraculously well. It became kind of model program. People came over from the reservation like the first woman I had sent were starting, you know, going attending the AA meetings and things like that after treatment. So I thought, oh my goodness, this is something here. So I started referring more people. And given that I love programming, it was comfortable with computers now in like 1991-ish, when everyone was terrified of computers. Pewter's here. Hit the wrong button. You blow off the world. Yep. And so the program that I was referring people to is sort of trying to recruit me. I love my job on the reservation. I also had a horrible, real severe obsessive compulsive personality disorder and a panic disorder as well. And so I was just ridiculously skeptical, like life damaging skeptical. It's good to have some skepticism. Yeah, but some. But this was horrible. And so anyway, I referred about 10 or 12 people to the program. And finally, I said, yes, to Larry wanting to hire me to run this neural feedback program in the addiction space. And that was in 1993, I accepted the job at the Royal Recovery Center. So let me just get this timeline straight. So 1998, you start working in Minnesota on a reservation? No, no, no, that was in about 19, that would have been about 1991. Okay, 1991. And that was in Minnesota, correct? And then you get hired in 1993 by referring a bunch of these natives that had dealt with the addiction process by referring them to this program and the program's miraculous. It's helping them a lot with their antisocial personality disorders and other compulsions. Primarily addiction, the first two I had that severe personality disorder. In hindsight, I think I was trying to sabotage my own belief systems. I wanted to be right that if this can't work. And yeah, it works. It works. All right. So from what I'm getting from this, it seems to me that you kind of hit the nail on the head where you got to not only help people, because, you know, part of our faith and part of, you know, you as a person is helping people, but you got to combine helping people with your love of technology and programming and a little bit of your own my problems, problems that you had and you combine it all to kind of hit that nail on the head and really help people. That's really inspiring, actually. Thank you. Yes.