 This is Bill Scott interview about the company. So first I'll ask you if You could go back and you were my age What skills were most important in your career? What what would you do differently? Well, well, I can't really answer that question because the Skills that I had back then aren't as relevant now So I like I would become a prompt engineer in the 1990s. You know what I mean? Yeah so I Don't know how to answer that I'll ask you this then If there are any skills that you had at the beginning of your career that you still use all the time And I'm not just talking about organization skills or any of those is there any things that you're like, okay? I learned how to use you know, Microsoft Azure. I learned how to use TypeScript and that Made me be able to my transfer that transfer on when I kept learning Okay. Yes. Yes. So the answer that is the most valuable things that I have now They're even relevant to all the the recent advances in AI assistant programming are they have an ability to know really clearly what computers are Currently really good at and what they're terrible Okay, as it as it relates to the human experience and interacting with computers so an example of that is Garbage in garbage out Essentially, what is garbage in and garbage out? It's an example that I encounter On a weekly basis is how do I make the software? know if a Technician is taking in client information when the client's in a state where they can't offer adequate information They're too anxious or they're too Out and and so how do I how do I know? when Someone is saying that everything is worse than ever since they started and it's an adolescent who is 15 years old and his girlfriend didn't text him back five minutes before the session And then he's answering that iteration. How do I handle that? and so there's some some inference that we do where we identify during the evaluation process certain patterns of good reporters or for reporters and Specifically we can validate that with a high degree of accuracy to know that occasionally this person will Be over-reporting progress or under-reporting progress So from what I'm taking from this and this is a this is really great for people who are getting in this field it seems to me like Understanding the customer and the limitations of your technology is way more important than Every single technical bit of how the technology works. Yes That is very very important. Yeah, that's a that's a big piece of it and also that We that there are things that the computers are very very good at like identifying when someone didn't understand Something in the training that the computers tell us that we collect de-identified metadata on every session That's run everywhere planet and so if someone is hitting a button On the machine when these lights are not flashing flashing green. Yeah on the computer. They missed a fundamental aspect of replicating our results and they couldn't So the computer tells them hey gives them a QR code says schedule a time With great pain and it tells me this person needs help. Yeah, this person doesn't understand so we don't get them connecting with someone on the schedule we then You know, we'll reach out to their clinical supervisors and say we help if we eventually we can't get a hold of anybody We disable the equipment until they come on track and Get trained so they can replicate our results. So we handle quality assurance with methods like that or we can see Not through the video but through statistics if someone is leaving 11 year olds or people who are under 11 years old alone in the room Doing session. There's no good not going to be any feedback there or if they're not using The guides that we built into the software that condition infants to be Unhumanly still within three sessions to receive the feedback to get rid of their seizure disorders and things that enter to avoid the brain surgery If they're not using these Tools that we built into it the machines tell us that and then we further educate them so that's something that is That we're technology works very very well with that We can it because it can play five-dimensional chest better than any human. Yeah, I think From what I've summarized in this section from what I've learned personally is that a Huge part of your company is not simply just the how it's the what and it's the why and it's you know using statistics to understand Customers and quality insurance and I feel like that's a lot of things that a lot of people even engineers miss out on They're so focused on okay Let's um, let's figure out the how what the how how the computer is gonna do this They forget like the big picture and I think that's really really important I'm really glad we're doing this interview because that what you're experiencing or what you're telling me Captures a big part of business and engineering that a lot of people miss Yeah Oh, you can you can bring one other element of that too. That's really critical particularly in this day and age of that I'm quite proud of myself to for doing this back in 2005 when I started making great me is Automating everything so we were using IBM Watson analytics to do the inference on the data But then we gave the computer gave the AI hands to Operate the mouse and to control things to run the all the software for the individual because there's like many procedures or over 300 steps that someone would otherwise have to do so that a window doesn't get over another window Yeah, or that it knows what software what protocols and when to do that We gave the computer control mouse and the keyboard to just like it was just you yeah That actually gets into my next segment what I'm gonna do is here. Sorry for