 about the company segment two. Just keep talking, but this gets into my next segment about how AI is affecting the company, because that's what you basically were just talking about. Oh, yes, yes, so right from the get-go, I had actually been playing with AI since I was 11 years old as well. Or, I'm probably more like 13 when I got my first 8-bit computer, but anyway. How does AI affect our company? We started with it, as I mentioned with IBM Watson Analytics, and then we gave Watson control of the mouse through macros, essentially, so that we could automate everything in a standard operating procedure. My current wife Meredith, who I met back in 2001, she got me a position at UCLA as a principal investigator of a randomized clinical trial on addicts replicated our results and standardizing neurofeedback. And then with that process, there was a 300-step procedure that we'd have to teach clinicians, and it used to take me seven days of eight hours a day to train clinicians in all this procedure. After that clinical trial was published, I automated that entire standard operating procedure so people wouldn't have to be watching these thresholds every 30 seconds to a minute, making adjustments on these three to five different brain waves all at once, that the machine, I made it do all of that. And then with Watson as well, when it comes to the statistics, we're collecting all the de-identified metadata from every session that's run, and we can see, okay, that's what worked great on addicts, here's how people in the real world respond. We could then tailor it statistically. And that's what you were talking about earlier about using the metadata to realize, okay, this customer is struggling, this customer needs more training. That, I think, your company has been, from the very start, been using AI, and I know a lot of these companies, a lot of these companies are using ChatGVT and using AI in the past 10 years, but from the very start, 2020, or sorry, 2006, that's 20 years, more, a little bit over 20 years, your company has been using AI to automate, for automation, for statistics, for metadata, and so it kinda just shows you that, this is ahead of the game, this is the future, and if it's either in 2005 or 2026, AI is the future of things automation. Definitely, yeah, definitely. This is more about just your average day. What would you say your average day in your company looks like? Yeah, good question. Usually I have one or two new inquiries that come in about utilizing our service institutions, mental health hospitals, things of that nature, say, hey, we wanna use your product, how do we get started? And so I talk with them, I make sure we're sort of a fit, because it's a lease model where they rent our equipment and training, and so we're outputting a lot of time and effort. Equipment. Oh, so is it like software as a service, basically? Well, it's hardware, they get the laptop to bring in, so it's everything. Wow. They get the training. Yeah, they get everything that's necessary to run it, but we eat the upfront costs on it, and when they're a good fit for us, if they keep it for months, we can identify also through AI, a lot of metrics that tell the likelihood of how effective they're likely to be. What the integration is, because it always works, it never doesn't work, but sometimes there's failed integrations where the owner of the company says, let's do this, we're doing this, my son got retinobin seizure disorder, we're gonna do this, but then internally, they're like, we're gonna do this. It doesn't work the best. No, it works great, always. It's just, are they gonna use it? Okay. It's a numbers game. How much better are you, how many sessions have you done, period. It doesn't not work, except for maybe with OCD. There's about 25%, we're still at square one after 20 sessions, but anyway, that's our worst case scenario, 75% success rate is really big, but anyway. Sometimes if they don't use it internally or they get it, that's not so good for us, because people will, or if they let addicts, for example, say, hey, try a session and see if you like it. That's like, oh, try and go to the gym for a half hour and lift weights and see if you can lift 1,000 pounds. Yeah. It's exactly like that. And so there's certain failed integrations. So we see if they're a fit. So that's one thing, I'm talking to new people. Another thing is, the first Friday of every month, we've always taught people via webinars as well. So we have four of them, the first four Fridays of the month. Just for, are those public? And I can put a link in, actually, because I have this as my own website as well, where I post these things. Is there a link to those webinars or anything? No, they're only for our subscribers. Okay, okay. So people are, all right, people qualify for equipment, they have it, they're using it, and they can attend the training. Okay, make sure to subscribe. Make sure to subscribe, guys, because you'll get some good stuff here. So please, keep talking. Yeah. And so there's that. Right now, I'm just finished with that when someone has, when there are these certain populations of people, we can see through our metadata, we can increase the efficacy of people with panic disorders by doing this particular method that I would teach for a wealth of clinicians would forget to do that. And so I've automated a thing with it, saying, hey, clinician, looks like we can help you a lot with this plan. Would you like some help? Yes or no? Yes. And they say, yes. And then it automates that whole process that they might have forgotten. I'm right now, I'm doing one with kids, with kids are eight years older under, there's this other particular method where the first session we want them to do just seven minutes of training in their first day. And we use this movement shaper, so if they don't even know what that is, the machine will turn that on for them. So hey, do you want me to help you with this person? Awesome. We can significantly increase results with this particular method. They want me to help you with that. That's what I was working on right now. And all they have to do is go, oh yeah, I remember that training two years ago. I did. Yeah. They said to do this. Yes. And then it's just great. We've turned on this movement shaper for you and we're reducing the minutes to seven and here's a QR code, this guide with other tips and tricks with working with kids who are eight years older and under. We're gonna get a PDF file of that guide on their computer. So it's like things like that where there's fewer things that people have to remember to do. That will increase our results as well. And what that does is everything, everything, everything is trust. And you can't, when it comes to companies, and you can't manufacture trust. You build it with people. That's important, yeah, of that point. Yeah, you build it with people through painstakingly taking all of this time after I've been working on this product for, you know, since 2005, I'm still very excited to add quality to it like this where with kids to increase the results because I can still see in metadata, back quite frequently, people don't do that. And it's not because they don't care whatever they forget about it. So with things like that, I automate it. So that's another big part of what I do. And I'm also sort of overseeing everything else. We have a shipper and receiver. Makes sense as the head of the company, yeah. Yep, yep, who is in Lake Tahoe, who periodically, you know, we have security methods where one person doesn't have anything that they can build the equipment with and things of that nature as well. So there's certainly a one request come in where a machine needs to be built. So usually clinicians getting additional equipment and things like that. I assist with that process. And there's a woman who kind of processes contracts and things of that nature. I'm using Manhattan. I assist her with that stuff. And then we have clinical support reps who check in with people clinically. And we have tech support. We have that automated as well. When somebody hits this big red help button on the desktop, it's like the machine, the machines increasingly can go into logs and air logs and things like that. I can fix this myself. Yeah. She will go and fix it. Or a lot of Chef times too, if a module makes an error, the AI kind of the arms, if you will, that will recognize it. We have to restart the spot. So it closes it and restarts it before somebody can notice that an error happened. From what I have learned in this segment, and I just want to summarize this segment because this was my favorite segment so far, it seems like AI has been at the start of your company since the very beginning. Yeah, better. And it has been used everything from statistics and metadata to let's just create automation for tech support, let's create automation for these processes that took 300 steps to take. And it seems like, you know, where you have a successful company to kind of be able to both integrate something that, I know we're talking about AI all the time now, but this was 20 years ago. I mean, I wasn't even born yet. Nobody was talking about AI except for in movies. And so it seems like to me, you kind of got ahead of the curve. Would you say that's true? Absolutely, yeah. Yeah. Right. When I got my first prototype 400 computer, there was a thing called perceptrons that were known. And I thought they were fascinating. Somebody, the person who had published the initial papers on it though had published one saying, oh, sorry, I just let everybody tell me, I'm fast. But he was missing some significant pieces of it. So I was fascinated with automated systems. So I would have little cursors representing cars in cities and stop lights and making everything just flows and vehicles would hit each other and things like that. I'm gonna end this segment.