 Alright, this is Bill Scott interview personal section. Okay, so this is not on my paper But this is as me personally as an interviewer you seem like a very fascinating man you seem like a man who has been able to hit the treasure chest on combining all of his interest of helping people and AI and programming and All of it into one But what I want to know is about Bill Scott the man You said you started programming you were 11 years old What languages do you use personally when you want to go do something when you're not at work? And you just want to make a project? What is your passion? What do you want to do? Yeah, right. I had I do a lot of Very low level like machine language programming. I started with a lot of that back You know in the early 80s to squeeze a lot of computing power out of machines more recently Have been utilizing a lot of like with CUDA is language I Like a lot is kind of based on C which is what I need a lot of high compute power C plus plus Sometimes C sharp for some kind of Technologies and Python of course, you know for all yeah, I start on all the automation right and our statistics is another Would you say that your love for? Computers and your passion for learning as someone who's just interviewing you and I've seen this and share it myself Is what made you? Develop all these things I mean is that where all the things stem from is your passion for learning because to me it seems like you started this company out and Programming as kind of a passion project and something you were really really loved and interested in and then as you made more Projects and as you develop more you realize well, I can make this a career I mean, I'm good at this and I'm not just good at this, but I'm really good at this So what would you say that's the kind of the leading thing for Bill Scott? Passion for learning. Yeah, it would actually be a passion for improving things. Okay, I would say that I one of these guys who can see Kind of how inefficient so it's some a lot of systems are a problem solving. Yeah Yeah, yeah, I'm so it feels really good to solve Problems like that and then it's like okay great. You know finish this research project now Hey, here's the 300 step process. I had already trained 3,000 clinicians In that methodology, you know prior to my making brain made only four zero percent were staying involved With it and so when I and I would go back to the engineers and say hey engineers, let's Fix this these are social workers. They're not computer engineers They don't know what an interrupt request is they don't know what a comport is They don't know all this stuff that they yeah, you know how to do and and so that I like improving things and when I can reduce Like five clicks that someone would have to do or everyone has to do those five clicks You know that are saving like 15 seconds. That's 15 seconds We're we're running over 10,000 clients a month when receiving great-name sessions right now So those 15 seconds add up a lot. Yeah And also they create trust when the machine handles more things But here's the flip side of that the dark underbelly of AI is the more that I automate things the Higher the threshold is that everything works perfectly or that everything works exactly as it is So now when some of our providers for example get They one machine is in a part of the office that Has a weaker internet connection and it's taking an extra 15 seconds for their client list to come up That's a problem. Yeah, there's this machine's broken. Yeah, I want now now now I don't know what to do about this. I give me a new machine. Yeah, so The more automated everything is the more perfect everything has to be more perfect against the more perfect it gets Yeah, so it's like so it's a constant feedback loop. Yes. Yes, so It's my fault and everything is my fault And that's the that's the position. I think that says is UI developers in particular Have to own everything is my fault. I could easily go Yeah Providers no solid bill fix it. Yeah, right now Yeah, it's my problem. So I did you know, I take it over and that's a cool thing about the digital world Everything is possible Just believe that it's true. Everything is possible in the in the digital world. That was awesome though That was that's definitely going in the paper. Um One more question about this segment if you had to If you were my age 20 You know about to turn 20. What advice would you give to yourself if you were now? Yeah, number one, I would say Find the thing that you That you would do for free And um You know And home that craft it's going to be involved in some in some particular craft home that craft whether it's a hobby or not just Make absolute sure That you're listening to life because life will always give you all the space you need all the resources you need to do that Thing whether you're making money from it or not And don't you know poop who it go well There's no Plenty and fractals making pretty pictures with fractals. Yeah, I'm just saying practice. Nobody even knows what they are I could have if I had done that I wouldn't have What i'm doing But I would just say if there's something like that as weird as that might be when people understand it and they don't understand it um Spend a lot of time on that because eventually it's going to merge into it is written It is related to what you're here to do And your life's purpose and eventually It's going to get a rise to to the head And you don't have to just make a buck to make a buck and you don't have to be poor You don't have to choose. Oh, do I pursue my passions? Or and be poor Those are narratives. That's a narrative based reality. You can do both. You can do both. Yeah, and that's what you're selling Post and do and when you do them weird cosmic coincidences will line up That is things that if you put in a book people go, okay, that's bullshit. Yeah, that's that's made of yeah And but I'm looking at proof right now. Yes Everything you need and I think god will take care of you as well when you're Pristvink then he'll make sure that you have everything that you need others will want to help you do it as well and and uh Yeah, I can end it there. Yeah