 The number one thing is, the most valuable thing is just say yes as an engineer. Say yes when, for example, you go to the notepad on your iPhone and you try to search for something. You can search for one thing in it. And then it's like there's no find next. Why is that? That was made, you know, 20 years ago. Why is that? I can tell you why. Because somebody's, oh that's hard. Yeah, I don't want to do that. Let's do it. It's not my fault. The back end is Jimmy's fault. And don't do that. It's in the digital world. Everything's possible in the digital world. Just say yes and then use your team. You know, if there's parts of it that you don't understand, say how are we going to solve this? Don't look for why you can't. So just say yes to that. Just always try and can. And even if it doesn't work out, you built a skill set, you learned something, there you go. Yeah, and there's going to be others on your team who are going to bring you down. There's others who are sales and you're in any team, they're sales getting, they're going to catch the wind and push everything forward. And there's others who are going to be anchors. They're going to vote we can. Here's why. And here's how come you can't. That's really good advice. Thank you. But you keep going. Yeah, so just say yes. And I would say as engineers, if you're getting those from someone, let them go. Let them go. You don't need kids. Yeah, don't need anchors. Don't have nose. Yeah, just say, you know, when they go, okay, how might we do this? That's a great question. Yeah, let's figure it out. That's what we're as engineers are supposed to do. And I think this gets into a couple of my next questions. Common mistakes that young engineers like me and, you know, junior developers make, what would you say are the most common you see? Yeah, the most common mistakes. Right now, I would say I'm anticipating from, I can't name names, but I heard of a particular company where someone trusted AI too much. Yeah. They got those things. And it created some pretty serious problems that's taking a long time to clean up. So one thing would be, you know, when you're using AI, which I highly recommend, just take some little blocks of code and know how to prompt it. Like one thing is, AI is really good at writing code, but it's also really good at writing kind of spaghetti-ish code. Yeah. And that makes it unreadable with, you know, regex and things of that nature. It's brilliant at using regex to scrap data, but then make sure that you're then breaking that down with comments that can explain each thing. I know exactly what you're talking about because that's exactly how I code. This is kind of not as important to the interview, but what I do when I code is I'll have my template, I'll have my basics, I'll have comments. I'll, you know, have like, if I'm coding Python, you know, oh, I want to make a Fibonacci sequence appear in HTML. So I'll have the basic code, but then, you know, the complex math, you know, of the Fibonacci sequence, I'll have the AI do that, and then I'll double check and see, okay, what does this do? I'll leave comments, make sure everything works. And so I think this gets into my next question is, what skills would you recommend or experiences would you recommend junior developers for now, for the career? Because this is, you know, the age of AI. What skills would you recommend them having? Very good. Yeah, I would say prompt engineering. If you don't, if you can't engineer prompts really well, you won't have any place as a junior programmer. And so, and then also, I've been using the same, like, five primary, like, four primary prompts that I use with writing code. And periodically, I have to, to adjust them, but there are certain ways that I can talk to the AI that will keep variables consistent so I can give it a code block to work on a new section of code. That will integrate with all the rest of the code. Yeah. And so I can change variables. So I could be creating new folders. Yeah, it's asynchronous. It's not going to break anything. Yes, yes, yes. And then having it return, like, the entire code base, having a prompt, like, quite simply, I've copied, I currently have selected the code base. I just paste it into your input box. Return to me this complete code so I can paste it back over what I have just given you. And things like that. So it's not like adding new things, adding new variables that haven't been assigned. Prompt engineering is very important. Yes. Making a prompt that says, do not, like, AI when it comes to libraries, like Python libraries. Yeah. It often makes shit up where it'll say, oh, I think you have your code is using old libraries. So let's reverse all of your libraries. I've experienced that firsthand. What are you doing? Yeah. I've had to, like, put in my prompts, hey, make sure you keep all of my comments, keep all of my code. I just want you to change this section. So yes, I've experienced that firsthand. Because once it does that, then it's spaghetti-ness. Yeah, it's a mess, yeah. Yes. So having, like, created some old prompts that you can use that are working very effectively over and over again. So you're not having to remake a prompt every time. Every time. Yeah. I don't know if you guys think, but I would say it's all, you know, because you'll never be able to keep up with others. And increasing, I suspect, people are hiring engineers. They're going to say, hey, here's a code. Make sure you use how long it's going to take you. Here's a project in the interviews increasing. I think you're going to be like, here's what you're going to be working on. Solve this problem for us. And text me as soon as you're done. And if they use it, they're good prompt engineers. They're going to be texting them back very efficiently. If they're not using it, they're not. They're not going to be getting hired, I would say. Yeah. All right, thank you, Bill.