 This is Bill Scott interview last section. Okay, so closing note, is there anything else you would like to talk about? Literally anything. We talked a lot about your company, about yourself. We can talk about your faith, but we can talk about programming, but really this is just a section for you, just so that we can just talk. Okay, cool. Yeah, um, like what? Yeah. I think something that was very helpful for me is my brother, when I was like a little kid, he was a year and a half old, and me. And I thought he was like a god. But he did, because he kind of, he is smart, but he had an OCD problem. I got rid of it in 1993 with neurofeedback. He would fill my head full of bullshit. And then later when I turned about 11 years old, and stopped believing everything that he said, I had to just verify everything that I found. And it's kind of like what? We're in an era right now, what's real, what's not real, what's going on, what's the narrative, who's narrative. So that was really helpful for me in hindsight, given that I had to learn the... Skepticism. Yeah. ...the scientific method of finding truth, looking for data versus narratives. Yeah. I'd say that's one fundamental thing that I found where, you know, I have a balance between enjoying the narrative based reality and... Seeking the truth. ...and seeking the truth as well. And to always be improving. It was infinite. It's not perfection, it's progress. And it's possible, you know, perfection... I know, as somebody who's a perfectionist, I know, I've dealt with that firsthand. Yeah. Everything is perfectly imperfect. But, you know, just like I like improving things, I like improving myself. That is infinite, how much more effective I can be in understanding and in my relationships as well. And I'm efficacious in them as well. And so, I think I tend to be more interested in what do I bring to the party than in terms of teams in the future. Then, what am I getting from the party? That's a phase of growing up to where, you know, every adolescent is, what have you done for me lately? Where does food come from? The bridge rater. I know, I'm learning what you're talking about right now. I relate on a very deep level because I'm, you know, a young adult and turning 20. So, everything you just said, yes, Barry, I can relate to a lot. Right, yeah. There's a transition where we go from being a consumer to a provider and, you know, recognizing that it's kind of infinite how much we can be a provider. The only constant thing about life is that it always changes. Yes. I'd also say, become aware of some, you know, there's a lot of phenomenon in physics that also apply to life as well. Like entropy. Yes. Chaos. Everything wants to break down. Yes. Everything wants to break down as to as many moving parts as possible where there's like the principle of least. Action. Everything wants to not expand what's the least I can do and get the most. Yes. It's kind of a default, kind of a state that there's a tendency and then where every action, there's an opposite reaction. Recognizing that are my energy that can never be destroyed. It can only be transferred. And so, you know, something bad might have happened, but I can transfer that to something else. And the last thing too is when it comes to starting a new project, our head will come up with 50 ideas why we can't. Oh, you can't this. Oh, you have to get a blue pencil. And it always comes up with some reason that we can't. But the only, the antidote to all of that goes back to that kind of our purpose and our passion. The passion is the thing that gives you the energy to go beyond the principle of least action. And goes beyond there's entropy where everything wants to break apart. But then there's coherence that is putting things, taking the parts and building something really cool out of it as well. So I think those, you know, becoming aware of those kinds of principles that do have application in our lives, building a very quality life. And becoming aware too in terms of leadership, like we don't learn about leadership in life very much where, and if you're not aware of it, what tends to happen without leadership in any project is the loudest, biggest ego that tends to leave. The biggest, I can't, here's why we can't, you know, tends to leave. But when we're aware of the feeling that we have before we take an action, that's what builds our future for better or for worse. We're building it or destroying it. And when we're aware that we're coming from this higher kind of plane of existence, we take an action, like an example of it. This applies to everything in life. We just helped five Olympians win medals in the last Olympics. One gold, two silver, two bronze medals. The meeting that we had with the Olympic Committee was such where we're talking with them about what we do, and I'm kind of coming from this higher plane of existence, not from the place of, oh, are you going to like my project? Are you going to like it or you don't like it? I'm okay, our product's good. That's like a very small world. Yeah. Like, do you like me? Do you like, do you believe what I'm saying? That's a small world. Any action we take, anything that I say in a meeting where I'm coming from that small world, people, then it's like, oh, we put the question on the table. Do we want brain pain or do we not want brain pain? I put that on the table, not by asking if you want it, but how I'm being in that meeting. I'm putting that question on the table. So what I do is I, this is a mankind level here. The Olympics are all mankind global impact that we have potential. I'm focused on that larger plane, not Bill Scott's. Yeah, that is really, really good. Thank you. I'm definitely including that. Thank you. No, keep talking, keep talking. So, this, so that's the context. So here we are in this meeting and a young PhD student comes in, just defended his thesis and he knows how to argue. Yeah. And he came in late to the meeting and everybody was all kind of sold on it. We're almost ready to go into the contract phases of the meeting. And he comes in saying, hey, everybody, wait a minute, brain pain can't work. Here's all these studies that prove that we can't have effect. When you play these video games, like brain pain is, you get good at those video games, but they never translate into life. So when this comes in, my ego gets stirred a bit. It's person. Yeah. It's like, wait a minute, you had video games. This isn't video games. You idiot. I'm going to expose you in front of your peers. Yeah. It's the ego. My little eight-year-old oppositional defiant disorder, Billy, kind of comes up on the scene. I recognize the flavor of that. I recognize that's my ego and I've learned a skill. This is a leadership skill. I've learned a skill when my context ships from this larger picture down to Billy, recognize it and ship back to the larger picture before you say anything. Anything. Yes. So I did that and then what happens is I get infected with some humility. It's humanness. I recognize my humanness. I recognize his humanness. Oh, maybe he doesn't know. He obviously doesn't seem to understand what we have. So I say, oh, I'm aware of these games like Luminosity and things like that, where there's an elastude on it. And I know those things do just make you better at the game. What brain pain is, it's not a game like that. It's an actual brain state training where you put sensors on your head and convert to audio and visual signals information about brain function. Yeah. If he teaches the brain to improve, we're not through feedback. It's not like we're playing these video games. He kind of like, they're poo poo or he didn't kind of change his tune or whatever, but I didn't expect him to either. I didn't go into the game. You didn't debate him or and you're like, oh, I'm not going to get personal. I'm just going to explain what it is and whether he agrees or not. I think that's a really, really big. That's amazing because that's a really, really great leadership skill. And that shows you, okay, what makes Bill Scott different from every other company, from every other, you know, person? Because, you know, some people might have more computer knowledge. Some people might know how to code AI better. Some people might have this, but you have all of these skills and you've been able to integrate them all into this one company. And I think that's really admirable. Right, right. Yeah. And so I, and I didn't, another context that people often will go into is, oh, I have to convince him now that to use it, that's another small context. It's me again, who's now, it's not the mankind level impact that we had in the meeting. So I was just like, so he kept kind of his argument stuff up or would have you. And then someone else, then others in the meeting too, I can see kind of in hindsight, they sort of respected how I handle that. They kind of doped him. Yes. What have you and you know, it's just like, okay. They can see your response matters more than what he said. And even more than what I said, that's the thing with this thing. When your, when your purpose is larger than you, You have to think big picture. What you say means nothing. And then I say, you could go in there and not, if you don't believe that you're having an impact on the neurofeedback field, the field of mental health, the field of addiction and a mankind level. If you don't feel that and you say it on your website, or you say it to people, Yeah, it doesn't mean. They don't have, we've heard this a million times, that doesn't mean anything. But when you're, when you're living that purpose, it comes out in everything you say, the spirit that you're possessing. So that's like the context. Being a leader is part of living it. It's not just saying it. You got to believe it and you got to live it and you got to have confidence with it. Yes. So there's two things. The CPR, the context is the spirit you're possessed with when you're doing something, the context. The purpose is the purpose that's driving you. What your purpose is, I think I went back to in the beginning of this. The purpose is what's driving you. That's what gives you that spirit to want to work 24 hours. Doing yourself cases, making things better. What have you. And then there's results when you're coming from your, your purpose, you're leading, you're saying, doing anything from your purpose, or leading a meeting like in that case, from your purpose. Your context is going to be the spirit you're possessing. You can actually pick results. So some people say, stay out of the results. Yeah, don't try to control results. Go ahead and pick them when they're in line with your purpose. Cause you're going to align yourself with other people who have an alignment with your purpose. Sales. Yeah. When it comes to the sales. So CPR context. That is really, okay CPR, context, purpose, results. Okay. I'm going to end this section because it's 12 minutes.