 But last segment, Bill Scott interview, I have learned a lot by just talking to you for what an hour. I would say that as somebody who I'm about to get my associates in computer cloud coding and application development, I'm going once I get that, I am getting gonna go for my bachelors and then my masters in engineering management at WSU. So as somebody who is constantly a go-getter, like right now, I'm asking questions. I'm a constant go-getter. I'm somebody who always constantly wants to learn and constantly wants to better himself, not just in my career, but also my faith and my relationships and everything, Bill. Do you think is there anybody else I could talk to who's working in this space? Because anybody else I could interview. I already have a couple, have connections at Ennevar that I've thought of, but do you think there are any opportunities for me in my career for somebody to talk to so I can get a place because all I wanna do right now is grow and build and learn? So I'm interested in a place for a job, your computer, in this kind of a space, in the neuro feedback space or? Yeah. Okay, yeah. Because I have certifications in AWS, Python, HTML, Java, but I also have like a pretty big portfolio in GitHub and I also, I have my own website where I post this stuff on and so, actually I'll show you that later once this is posted, but yeah, stuff like that, but. That's a good question. Well, we've kind of taken over our field, our company's kind of taken over our field to a large extent, there's anyone sort of doing as much neuro feedback as we are and so our competitors are all hungrier than ever, I would say. Yeah, that's it. And it has a lot to do with sort of their, they've made some choices that were kind of bad choices in that given that there are sales based versus subscription based, they're all in a big pickle with that in the sense that to keep their lights on, they have to have their equipment be really, really expensive like 10 to $30,000 per machine and they have to sell about 10 of those a month to keep their lights on because they didn't start out with automation from the get go and they made their equipment more complex to justify this larger expense that's what they could make rather than. So it just turns up that they're just bloated basically. Yeah, they're all very bloated in that regard and then they can't go back and start a lease model because how are they gonna keep their lights on if they're paying, somebody's paying them $500 a month per machine when they have to sell 10, 20, $30,000. Yeah. It's just a constant like once they started, there's no going back and now they have to keep going. Yeah, yeah, they're stuck and their equipment is really outdated as well. It's not practical, it's so complicated. There's a two year learning curve with it that and there's no evidence that suggests that it's more effective when they've compared these QBG based technologies with ours. Yeah, ours works. Brain paints a lot better. Yeah, it isn't any better. Okay, so it seems like to me it's just like don't work at any other competitors because I might learn a skill that might not even be useful in five years. Yes, they're all collapsing. Most of the companies, they are collapsing but it's not just, it's also age as well. In that, I got into the field when I was in my 20s also and so that was in like 1993. And so a lot of them were in their 40s and 50s already. So they're kind of old. Learning curve. Yeah, and they're dying. There's some other companies that have come up but they're pursuing other methods that are also very complicated. Like people have this tendency to think more is better, more sensors are gonna get better results there's no evidence to suggest it. So they're sort of following in lockstep some of the things that others did that weren't working as well. So I don't think that, and then in our own company, God, I've automated everything so that 10 of us can do the work of 100. So it's not just brain paint that I've automated everything with as well from the get go, we've automated. So the structure of the very company itself. Yes. Yeah, from the get go, we've had it set up so that we sent someone a link with a doc assigned like you'll get you from here doc assigned to contracting, that then they put in there credit card information that's all automated that builds the CRM when they fill out the document that they're the agreement that comes from a link that everything is done automatically. Nobody has to go and hard code in their information into a database or four things like that. Their monthly subscription stars, they get a link to the training by the webinars and they get reminders, they have calendars that they can click and get, and I have a brain paint app that does everything they need if they need sensors and you can talk with one of our staff which one, they need to change a credit card number. Everything is just so automated that 10 of us do the work of like two hundred. Yeah, the entire company basically. Yeah, and so I mean with us there's not. There's not a real need. Even the machine building process, it takes me two hours to train people who have had no computer skills whatsoever to build these machines. And so in terms of job opportunities, that's one thing but I would say we'll make you invaluable to anyone is if you're imbibing that CPR technology, it's kind of like, it's not really cheating in life. It's like winning in life but imbibing that will make you and embodying that will make you invaluable to anyone who's hiring you and holding your craft of creating software projects and say you're going for a job at SpaceX, you know what, you're becoming, knowing what types of things that you're looking for and practicing writing some code before you get there with it. And saying yes and then figuring it out when they give you jobs to do, projects to work as part of an interview. I think those would be some things having some core scripts, I'm sorry some core prompts that you use. Yeah, as I've learned automation and prompts are really important. Context, purpose, results. But I've learned a lot. I think if there's anything else you wanna say, I still have about a minute here but would you like to say anything else? No, I think I should say just some tips as I see the changing job market. Yeah, and being, I would just say when it comes to context, it's like oh what's gonna happen or all jobs gonna be gone. Well if you believe they are, then they are. Yeah, yeah. If that becomes your context when you're in a meeting, oh am I employable or not? It's a smaller context versus, you know what? A picture. Yeah, a lot to bring to the party. Yeah.